Okay.
So we now have our new filter jobs getter, so let's use it in our job listings component.
I'm going to open up that component here, job listings.
And as a reminder, this is the component where we import our previous filter jobs by job types getter
we associated with the component.
And then we use it as the basis for iterating over in order to render the jobs on the right hand side
of the screen.
So right here you can see the displayed jobs, computed property, talk to the getter slices, the first
ten elements from it or the right ten elements depending on what page the user's on.
Then it iterates over that array right here and creates a job listing for each job.
So all I want to do here is wherever I have filtered jobs by job types, I want to replace that with
my new getter of filter jobs.
So starting here in the import, I'm going to change this to filter jobs.
We now have that new getter name imported.
So in the map getters function call, I want to change this to filter jobs.
Now my component is going to have access to this start filter jobs, which is going to be the getter
that we defined in the previous lesson.
And now anywhere I was using this former implementation has to replace it.
So right here I'm going to erase by job types.
So this is just going to be this start filter jobs.
And right here, this is also going to be this stop filter jobs.
So in theory, if our getter is going to return the correct array, then this component doesn't have
to change much.
It's just going to select a subset of ten elements or ten jobs from my filter jobs array.
Render them on to the screen.
But the rest of the logic of the component should work by itself.
And that in itself is a pretty good sign of our design.
It means that we've extracted a lot of the business logic higher up to view X, so this component just
gets whatever data it needs and just renders it in order, right?
And that's kind of a a good design because we're abstracting away a lot of this complexity of filtering
higher up outside of this component.
This component is just the view layer.
It's just rendering whatever jobs.
We get it.
So pretty simple to make this change.
Let's now look in our browser and we're going to discover that things unfortunately do not work as well
as we had hoped.
So when the page loads and let me refresh it just to show you when the page loads looks like everything
is going just fine.
Unfortunately, we run into issues whenever we try to select either a job type or an organization.
So let's say I select the job type like full time, and there we go.
On the right hand side, everything completely breaks.
I definitely know that there has to be at least one job that is full time, so something does not appear
to be working correctly here.
I'm going to select full time.
We're going to return back to the the jobs appearing on the right hand side.
Let's take a look at what happens when I select an organization like the Two and a Half Men.
Well, once again, the right hand side completely breaks.
All right.
Now, here's where things get a little bit interesting.
Take a look at what happens whenever I include both an organization and a job type.
So I'm going to select View and a Half Men and Part Time, and we're going to see all of a sudden,
everything appears to start working on the right hand side.
You can see we have Two and a Half Men view and a Half Men view and a Half Men and a Half Men.
So it appears like things are somewhat working whenever I have a selection from both filter categories
but not want to have just one selected.
All right.
So that tells me that my getter is moving in the right direction, but we've obviously made some kind
of error or mistake.
In our logic, it's not quite perfect.
So we're going to fix this issue in the very next lesson and hopefully get to a proper working solution.